Add-Ons Installation Guide (#143)
kyma-incubator/hack-showcase: docs/github-connector/installation.md

# GitHub Connector Installation <!-- omit in toc -->

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Installation in Kyma as an Add-On](#installation-in-kyma-as-an-add-on)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Steps](#steps)
  - [Verification](#verification)
  - [Removal](#removal)
- [Installation in Kyma with Helm](#installation-in-kyma-with-helm)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites-1)
  - [Steps](#steps-1)

## Overview

> The GitHub Connector is a component which allows interaction with GitHub API from inside of Kyma environment. The simplest way to install GitHub Connector in Kyma is to install it as an Add-On.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The GitHub Connector is a component which allows interaction with GitHub API from inside of Kyma environment. The simplest way to install the GitHub Connector in Kyma is to install it as an Add-On.
```

> The GitHub Connector is a component which allows interaction with GitHub API from inside of Kyma environment. The simplest way to install GitHub Connector in Kyma is to install it as an Add-On.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The GitHub Connector is a component which allows interaction with the GitHub API from inside of Kyma environment. The simplest way to install GitHub Connector in Kyma is to install it as an Add-On.
```

Author: ```suggestion
The GitHub Connector is a component which allows interaction with the GitHub API from inside of Kyma environment. The simplest way to install the GitHub Connector in Kyma is to install it as an Add-On.
```

## Installation in Kyma as Add-On

### Prerequisites

- GitHub App with desired privileges installed to destination repository or organization. You can create new application [here](https://github.com/settings/apps) (or in account's *Settings/Developer settings/GitHub Apps*).

>   - GitHub Repository Token.

Author: Good point!

> - GitHub App with desired privileges installed to destination repository or organization. To create a new application, go [here](https://github.com/settings/apps) or access **Github Apps** in the account through **Settings** in **Developer settings**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- GitHub App with desired privileges installed to the destination repository or organization. To create a new application, go [here](https://github.com/settings/apps) or access **Github Apps** in the account through **Settings** in **Developer settings**.
```

> - Access to Kyma Console

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Access to the Kyma Console
```

> **NOTE**: It is best to create or use additional service account (e.g. Your-Project-Name-Github-Connector) since any actions performed by this application are signed with the name of the user that the token belongs to.

> **OPTIONAL:** Install default application following these steps, but pay attention to the fact that it has **full permissions** in repository/organization.
>
> 1. Go to the [authentication page](https://auth-github-connector.herokuapp.com/). Click **GitHub** button which redirects you to another page. Select repositories or organizations you want to install the application to and click **Install**.
>       - **NOTE:** If the link does not work, see [this tutorial](https://developer.github.com/apps/quickstart-guides/setting-up-your-development-environment/#step-2-register-a-new-github-app) in the GitHub documentation to create your own application.
> 2. Copy the Authentication Token. You will need it later in the installation process.

### Steps

1. In Kyma console access the **Add-Ons Config** menu.
2. Click **Add New Configuration** and in the **Urls\*** field paste this URL:

   ```http
   github.com/kyma-incubator/hack-showcase//addons
   ```

> 3. Go to namespace in which you want to install the Connector.

Author: ```suggestion
3. Go to the Namespace in which you install the Connector.
```

> 3. Go to the Namespace in which you install the Connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Go to the Namespace in which to install the Connector.
```

4. Find the Add-On in the Service Catalog and click it.
5. Click **Add** and select the installation plan. Fill in all required fields and click **Create Instance**.

> 6. Go to the **Services** tab in the Service Catalog. After provisioning and automatic registration of application's resources, the Service Class of GitHub Connector appears here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Go to the **Services** tab in the Service Catalog. After provisioning and automatic registration of application's resources, the Service Class of the GitHub Connector appears here.
```

7. Click the Service Class to enter its specification screen, click **Add once**, and then **Create Instance**.

> After you have created the service, you can easily bind it to the Lambda Function to allow the use of GitHub Events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To send requests to the GitHub API, bind the service you created to the Lambda Function.
```

### Verification

- To verify if everything is configured correctly check if Add-Ons and Service instances in **Instances** area of Service Catalog have status <span style="color:green">*RUNNING*</span>.

> - Check in your GitHub repository's or organization's *Settings/Webhooks* if the webhook is <span style="color:green">*Active*</span>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Access **Webhooks**  in your GitHub repository or organization's **Settings** and verify that the webhook is **Active**.
```

### Removal

> Basically, to correctly remove all resources of GitHub Connector you must delete them in order reverse to installation steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To correctly remove all GitHub Connector resources, you must delete them in order reverse to the installation steps.
```

What's the use of _basically_ here? It's too colloquial.

> > **NOTE:** Wait until deprovisioning and removing of all elements is complete before proceeding to next step, because e.g. after removing ServiceClass removal of ServiceInstance is impossible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE:** Wait until deprovisioning and removing of all elements is complete before proceeding to next step to avoid possible errors. For example, after removing ServiceClass, the removal of ServiceInstance is impossible.
```

- I'd change it from **NOTE** to  **CAUTION** as it's really important and omission will result in an error. 
- Don't use `e.g.`, use `For example`; also, don't use it mid-sentence.

Author: ```suggestion
> **CAUTION:** Wait until deprovisioning and removing of all elements is complete before proceeding to next step to avoid possible errors. For example, after removing ServiceClass, the removal of ServiceInstance is impossible.
```

> > **CAUTION:** Wait until deprovisioning and removing of all elements is complete before proceeding to next step to avoid possible errors. For example, after removing ServiceClass, the removal of ServiceInstance is impossible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **CAUTION:** Wait until deprovisioning and removing of all elements is complete before proceeding to the next step to avoid possible errors. For example, after removing ServiceClass, the removal of ServiceInstance is impossible.
```

1. Delete all service bindings from Lambda Functions and other bindings connected with your GitHub Connector Service Instance.

> 2. Delete GitHub Connector Service Instance found under **Services** tab in **Instances** area.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Delete the GitHub Connector Service Instance found under the **Services** tab in the **Instances** area.
```

> 3. Delete GitHub Connector Add-On Instance found in **Add-Ons** tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Delete the GitHub Connector Add-On Instance found in the **Add-Ons** tab.
```

4. To remove the Add-On Configuration, find it in the global **Add-Ons Config** catalog and remove it.

>    > **CAUTION**: This step also removes the Slack Connector template.

Reviewer: Maybe add a new line before 
> **CAUTION** 

?

Author: I don't think markdown understands to put that on the same indentation level :/

    >**CAUTION:** Make sure the Kyma address is in the correct format. It consists of the domain name and cannot begin with the dot. For example, `35.187.32.214.xip.io`.

>     >**NOTE:** To define the Namespace in which to install chart, add the `--namespace` flag to the command. To define the GitHub URL, add the `--set githubURL` flag. If you want to crate a webhook on one repository, use the construction `repos/:owner/:repo`. If you want create a webhook on the whole organization you have to use `orgs/:org`. To provide the security token use the `--set githubToken` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    >**NOTE:** To define the Namespace in which to install chart, add the `--namespace` flag to the command. To define the GitHub URL, add the `--set githubURL` flag. To crate a webhook on one repository, use the construction `repos/:owner/:repo`. To create a webhook on the whole organization, use `orgs/:org`. To provide the security token, use the `--set githubToken` flag.
```
